Add `+draft/unreact` tag to reaction specification (#568)
ircv3/ircv3-specifications: client-tags/react.md

This is a work-in-progress specification.

Software implementing this work-in-progress specification MUST NOT use the
unprefixed `+react` or `+unreact` tag names. Instead, implementations SHOULD use the
`+draft/react` and `+draft/unreact` tag names to be interoperable with other software
implementing a compatible work-in-progress version.

The final version of the specification will use unprefixed tag names.

## Introduction

This specification defines a client-only message tag to indicate reactions and unreactions to other messages

## Motivation

This tag provides a means of communicating with context-sensitive, potentially non-textual reactions. It allows chat participants to respond to each other with text, symbols, emoticons, or emoji that don't necessarily appear as full messages, but instead as lightweight annotations, displayed adjacent to a parent message.

> While most IRC users do not expect messages to be removable, reactions are meant to be sent quickly, changed based on opinion and removed if sent on accident. For this reason, most implementations of emoji reactions allow an unreaction feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While most IRC users do not expect messages to be removable, reactions are meant to be sent quickly, changed based on opinion and removed if sent accidentally. For this reason, it's common for implementations of emoji reactions in other protocols to allow an unreaction feature.
```

One may wonder why an unreaction tag is needed when the [`draft/message-redaction`](../extensions/message-redaction.md.html) also allows for message removal. However, these two methods of message removal serve different purposes. Redaction is a server-moderated process to hide previous client actions, e.g., such that they do not show up in history. This capability is usually only given to users authorized to hide the action, such as a logged-in author or operators. 

On the contrary, unreaction is its own action designed to change a previous choice (e.g., in response to a “voting” message), or remedy a misclick. If sent to clients as a text message, previous reactions need not be removed on an unreact message.

> 

Reviewer: I would just drop this, it's a bit confusing.
